+++
title = "Arrival"
date = 2025-08-17
lang = "en"
description = "A view impressions from the first week."

[taxonomies]
tags = ["Travel", "University", "Fellows"]
+++

It is Sunday. I'm here for almost five days, and for the first time I manage to
find some time to write another post here. That shows how much happened for me in the
last few days.

Reykjavík presented itself from its best side on my arrival. The first two days
I had blue skies and a lot of sun. I shouldn't get used to it though... But
even after that, I think the weather is totally fine. It's usually cloudy with
10-13°C, and if it rains, it's usually just a drizzle.

I got to know the university. A very pretty and modern campus. There is a lot
of space to work, be it alone or with others, in silence or allowing
communication. And if you don't want to work, you can enjoy the great view from
the large windows. All staff members that I've interacted with so far have been
very relaxed and helping. I'm confident that I can find a good time studying
here.

The course enrollment was a bit of an adventure so far. I don't meet the ideal
amount of ECTS credits, I don't know which course's lectures are when, I don't
know if I can even enroll in all the courses that I would like to enroll, or if
I'm missing prerequisites...

But as I've learned in the "Crash course Icelandic", the motto for a lot of
Icelandic people is "Þetta Reddast!", which means something along the lines of
"It will fix itself." or "It will be okay." Therefore, I will just try to use
this motto for myself as well and just see what the first week of lectures will
bring.

Until now, I've almost exclusively met other international students here. At
the welcoming for internationals, there were about 120 fellow students there. I
talked to people from Denmark, Sweden, the US, Italy, Spain, Ukraine, France,
Poland, Canada, and of course Germany. For some reason, there are a lot of
Germans here. It almost felt like half of the people I've met are fellow
Germans, which I think is kinda crazy.
